Related work (#34)
AAU-Dat/P10-Curdleproofs: report/src/sections/00-abstract.tex

\begin{abstract}
    Ethereum is one of the biggest proof-of-stake blockchain systems.
    However, it is still vulnerable to attacks.

>     One such attack is proposed by Heimbach et al.~where an adversary could de-anonymize validators and then preform a denial-of-service attack on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    One such attack is made possible by Heimbach et al.~where an adversary could de-anonymize validators and then preform a denial-of-service attack on them.
```

    To try and combat this attack, Ethereum has proposed the use of the Whisk protocol.
    Whisk is a Single secret leader election protocol that uses a zero-knowledge proof called Curdleproofs that uses inner product arguments to proof the validity of a shuffle of validators.

>     This paper improves upon the Curdleproofs protocol by introducing CAAUrdleproofs, which is a modified version of Curdleproofs with ideas from Springproofs as to allow for the use of any shuffle size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This paper improves upon Curdleproofs' inner product arguments by introducing CAAUrdleproofs, which is a modified version of Curdleproofs with ideas from Springproofs as to allow for the use of any shuffle size.
```
